alright ladies so on back this is the
results right now okay so what we're
going to do is we're going to get black
track fluidline eyeliner pencil we're
going to go in there and we can align
the upper lid we're not going to win it
out this time
ok
all right we're going to do the same
thing to the lower lid
perfect
all right then we're going to go into
that blue we're going to grab some of it
and we're just going to put it right
underneath the outer corner of the lower
lid just like that I'm going to do
mascara colossal glove love love this
mascara I say it every time
it gives a lot of length to my lashes
ok
alright and there you have it ladies the
final look come up close so you guys can
see very very very pretty but yeah
that's the look hope you guys enjoyed on
my cheeks i have on and bring rose it's
my ultimate favorite blush i love it and
on my lips i am wearing strain with a
light gloss on top of that no no name
gloss just from riteaid I would wear it
all the time in all my videos so hope
you guys enjoyed this tutorial and I'll
see you next time bye